Document current 'Endpoint disabled' behavior (#159)
svix/svix-docs: docs/retries.mdx

## Disabling failing endpoints

> If all attempts to a specific endpoint fail for a period of 5 days, the endpoint will be disabled. The first failed message in the 5-day period must be followed by an additional failed message between 12 and 24 hours later.

Reviewer: This is not clear, let me think about how to improve it.

> If all attempts to a specific endpoint fail for a period of 5 days, the endpoint will be disabled. The first failed message in the 5-day period must be followed by an additional failed message between 12 and 24 hours later.
> When this happens, a webhook (`EndpointDisabledEvent`) will be sent to your account (not to the failing endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all attempts to a specific endpoint fail for a period of 5 days, the endpoint will be disabled and an operational webhook (`EndpointDisabledEvent`) will be sent to your account. The clock only starts after multiple deliveries failed within a 24 hour span, with at least 12 hours difference between the first and the last failure.
```
